chore: update the Gradle prop for K/N parallel builds (#3257)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/native/native-improving-compilation-time.md

* **Increase the [Gradle heap size](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/performance.html#adjust_the_daemons_heap_size)**.
  Add `org.gradle.jvmargs=-Xmx3g` to `gradle.properties`. If you use [parallel builds](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/performance.html#parallel_execution),

>   you might need to increase the number of workers with the `org.gradle.workers.max` property or the `--max-workers` command-line option.

Reviewer: I'd preserve the old wording,
```suggestion
  you might need to choose the right number of workers with the `org.gradle.workers.max` property or the `--max-workers` command-line option.
```
In most cases if you need to change the value, you will set it to lower value than the default one.

Author: Oh, I see, thanks!

Reviewer 2: Doesn't it sound ambiguous now? How can a user know what is *the right number of workers*?
Maybe to remove the word "right"?

Reviewer 2: And I'm not sure, but doesn't this option `org.gradle.workers.max` works only when org.gradle.parallel=true (https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/build_environment.html)? Is it worth saying?

Author: The wording is pretty same as it was, I just changed the property name.

We could change it to "lower", but I'm afraid that it won't be more clear: we cannot know the device configuration in advance.

Reviewer 2: > The wording is pretty same as it was

I understand; maybe we should improve it in the future.

Author: > And I'm not sure, but doesn't this option org.gradle.workers.max works only when org.gradle.parallel=true (https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/build_environment.html)? Is it worth saying?

The sentence begins with mentioning parallel building 🤔

Author: Or did you mean to write the property explicitly? 🤔

Reviewer 2: >Or did you mean to write the property explicitly? 🤔

Yes. But from the other side, they can understand it by the link.
